first possession of the football game I
like the screen on this situation
radcliffe time grows deep across the
middle caught Florrie breaks free it's a
block downfield
a 69-yard touchdown
his third touchdown catch of the year
shifted to the right side pods to pull
back in motion here's a pitch Andrews
throws it back to the quarterback go
past Jake's going deep wide open pot
Rico Brown streaking for the end zone
and is tripped up at the 6 yard line by
the rims are right so right out of the
gate the hilltoppers go to the gadget
played it goes from 70 yards
Jake's looks like he wants to run it
to the end zone touchdown this ball
stayed
hit the upright it still went through
bank shot do some soul-searching and
apparently done that
here's Andrew straight ahead 45
running down the sideline the inside the
25 inch to cut back in his down inside
the 15 yard line I asked Bobby Petrino
specifically about Andrews from 46 on
blocks
this can't be returned
look like it's a vs Boyd is the one who
blocked it the other first ballgame as
an FBS member and sat back at the six is
k1 Jake's way or another to get that
field goal try
radcliffe lost the football it's loose
still loose radcliffe picks it up and
he's going to run with it and time's
going to run out a very bizarre finish
to the first half
over the top
the football but the line judge says he
got in nothing
here's broke the plane before he lost
control of the football give it to the
valley
turns the corner hands
more inside the 10 bumped down around
the five
you were just singing about sailor
lavallee backs out of this set
the end zone touchdown Wilson
it's central michigan reclaims the lead
with final end ago